{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Bishop et al., 2019\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Calculated cross-correlation between performer\'92s head acceleration trajectories. They used a rolling window of 25 eighth note lags across each pair.. The cross-correlations were scaled to consider the overall quantity of movement from performers \'97 this is because windows with little movement would result in high CC values. They took\'a0absolute scaled lag 0 cross-correlations.\'a0They showed that correlations were higher in the second compared to the first performance. Correlations were higher during an unmetered part of the piece compared to the metered part. Also, correlations were higher in the third performance when they could see each other than in the fourth performance when they couldn\'92t see each other.\
\
In their figure 8, they show average CC in head acceleration between the duo over time. For this, they show scaled CC coefficients per\'a0eighth note across +/- 12 lag windows (a bar).\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Dean et al., 2016\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 This paper says that it is not a good idea to use cross-correlation analyses if your time-series are autocorrelated.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Goebl & Palmer, 2009\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Duo pianists played together while head motion data was collected. \
\
A CC analysis was done with the head acceleration data, with a maximum lag of +/- 450 ms (which corresponds to one quarter note of the music). The max CC value across this lag on each trial was taken (I don\'92t know what they did for \'91window\'92 and \'91overlap\'92 variables). This analysis showed that mean CC values increased as auditory feedback was reduced (lowest for two-way feedback, higher for one-way, then highest for only self-feedback). The leader\'92s head movements came before the follower\'92s head movements, at a mean lag of 60 ms.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Keller & Appel, 2010\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A windowed CC was run on the position (anterior-posterior), velocity, and acceleration of the body sway data. CC windows were specified as one bar of the music, moving through in steps of one beat. CC coefficients were calculated for lags up to +/-1 beat with a base lag interval of 1 frame (10 ms). They computed 1) the maximal CC coefficients across steps (in-phase relation between body sways), 2) the mean lag that the max CC occurred (average lag at which in-phase correlation is strongest), 3) the absolute value of the mean lag where the max CC occurred (magnitude of lag, no direction), 4) mean minimal CC coefficients (anti-phase relation between body sway), 5) mean lag for min CC values (aver lag at which anti-phase correlation is strongest), 6) the absolute value of the mean lag for the min CC (magnitude of lag, no direction)\
}